Improve debug doc (#20924)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/debug.md

## VS Code debugger
* langs: js

> We recommend using the [VS Code Extension](./getting-started-vscode.md) for debugging for a better developer experience. With the VS Code extension you can debug your tests right in VS Code, see error messages, set breakpoints and step through your tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dummy
```

<img width="1269" alt="running test in debug mode" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13063165/212740233-3f278825-13e7-4a88-a118-dd4478d43a16.png" />

> ### Error Messages

Reviewer: dummy

<img width="1312" alt="choosing a profile for debugging" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13063165/212880198-eac22c3e-68ce-47da-9163-d6b376ae7575.png" />

To learn more about debugging, see [Debugging in Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging).

## Playwright Inspector

The Playwright Inspector is a GUI tool to help you debug your Playwright tests. It allows you to step through your tests, live edit locators, pick locators and see actionability logs.

<img width="864" alt="Playwright Inspector" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13063165/212924587-4b84e5f6-b147-40e9-8c75-d7b9ab6b7ca1.png" />

### Run in debug mode
* langs: js

Run your tests with the `--debug` flag to open the inspector. This configures Playwright for debugging and opens the inspector. Additional useful defaults are configured when `--debug` is used:

- Browsers launch in headed mode
- Default timeout is set to 0 (= no timeout)

#### Debug all tests on all browsers

> To debug all tests run the test command with the `--debug` flag. This will open the inspector and a browser window for each test and each browser. After stepping through the first test the inspector and browser window will close and the next test will run opening the inspector and a new browser window. Once all tests have finished running on the first browser configured in your [`playwright.config`](/test-configuration.md#multiple-browsers), the inspector and browser window will close and the next browser will open.

Author: you mean this `npx playwright test example.spec.ts:10 --debug` yes it should be explained in both. I am not used to command line since i use vscode extension so I am not used to adding in filters like test name. so yeh I think it should be in both cause if not people might not know that you can debug just one test

```bash
npx playwright test --debug
```
#### Debug one test on all browsers

To debug one test on a specific line run the test command followed by the name of the test file and the line number of the test you want to debug, followed by the `--debug` flag. This will open a browser window for each browser configured in your [`playwright.config`](/test-configuration.md#multiple-browsers) so you can debug a specific test on each browser.

```bash
npx playwright test example.spec.ts:10 --debug
```
#### Debug on a specific browser

In Playwright you can configure projects in your [`playwright.config`](/test-configuration.md#multiple-browsers) for major browsers such as Chromium, Firefox and Safari, branded browsers such as Google Chrome and Edge and mobile viewports such as Mobile Safari on an iPhone 12 or Mobile Chrome on a Pixel 5. For a full list of devices check out the [registry of device parameters](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/main/packages/playwright-core/src/server/deviceDescriptorsSource.json).

> ```ts

Author: interestingly enough we don't teach them anything about config in getting started or how to setup more projects or add mobile device testing etc. so if you want to debug on mobile safari i guess you first should run the test on mobile safari but to know how to do that you need to either read the config or read the config docs. For me adding it here was more about value awareness like oh wow I didnt know you can also run on Edge or on mobile safari and thats cause we are hide cool features like this so adding this example to the debug guide I thought was useful. It should also be in running tests yet its not

dotnet test
```

### Stepping through your tests

You can play, pause or step through each line of your test using the toolbar at the top of the Inspector. Underneath the toolbar the code of your test is shown and as you step through each line, the line of code that is being run is highlighted in the Inspector as well as in the browser window.

<img width="1340" alt="Playwright Inspector and browser" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13063165/212936618-84b87acc-bc2e-46ed-994b-32b2ef742e60.png" />

### Run a test from a specific breakpoint

To speed up the debugging process you can add a [`method: Page.pause`] method to your test. This way you won't have to step through each action of your test to get to the point where you want to debug.

```js
await page.pause();
```

```java
page.pause();
```

```python async
await page.pause()
```

```python sync
page.pause()
```

```csharp
await page.PauseAsync();
```

> Once `page.pause()` is set, you can then run your tests in debug mode and the Playwright inspector will open as well as the browser and your test will run and pause on the line where you called `page.pause()`.

Author: is this a different flow? Don't I still need to run the test in debug mode after adding the page.pause or are you presuming they already have inspector open and then add page.pause??

```

```powershell tab=bash-powershell lang=python
$env:PWDEBUG=console
pytest -s
```

```bash tab=bash-bash lang=csharp
PWDEBUG=console dotnet test
```

```batch tab=bash-batch lang=csharp
set PWDEBUG=console
dotnet test
```

```powershell tab=bash-powershell lang=csharp
$env:PWDEBUG=console
dotnet test
```

> Once Playwright launches the browser window you can then open the console panel in the browser developer tools and debug your tests using the `playwright` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Playwright launches the browser window you can open developer tools.
The `playwright` object will be available in the console panel.
```

#### playwright.$(selector)

Query the Playwright selector, using the actual Playwright query engine, for example:

```bash
playwright.$('.auth-form >> text=Log in');

<button>Log in</button>
```

#### playwright.$$(selector)

Same as `playwright.$`, but returns all matching elements.

```bash
playwright.$$('li >> text=John')

[<li>, <li>, <li>, <li>]
```

#### playwright.inspect(selector)

> Reveal element in the Elements panel (if DevTools of the respective browser supports it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reveal element in the Elements panel.
```

```bash
playwright.inspect('text=Log in')
```

#### playwright.locator(selector)

> Query Playwright element using the actual Playwright query engine, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a locator and query matching elements, for example:
```

```bash
playwright.locator('.auth-form', { hasText: 'Log in' });

Locator ()
  - element: button
  - elements: [button]
```

#### playwright.highlight(selector)

Highlight the first occurrence of the locator:

```bash
playwright.highlight('.auth-form');
```

#### playwright.clear()

```bash
playwright.clear()
```

Clear existing highlights.

#### playwright.selector(element)

> Generates selector for the given element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates selector for the given element. For example, select an element in the Elements panel and pass `$0`:
```
